Update ReleaseProcess.md (#298)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/ReleaseProcess.md

   * This creates a TestFlight build (try to make one as early as possible so that you can catch issues like missing/expired certificates or profiles and any other production build errors early).
1. Trigger the App Center build from that branch using its command (eg. `/appcenter Babylon branch:release/babylon/4.1.0`) in `#ios-build`.
1. Trigger the full UI automation run by issuing the command `/stevenson ui_tests branch:release/babylon/4.1.0` in `#ios-build`. Review failures and, if necessary, tag the squads responsible for the failing lanes.
1. For any target other then Babylon(e.g. Telus, Bupa, NHS111): Create a new version in [AppStoreConnect](https://appstoreconnect.apple.com) (login using your own account) / My Apps
  1. On the sidebar click `+ Version or Platform` and select `iOS`.
  1. Input the new version number.
    
During this stage, the release manager has the following tasks:
  1. Create the CRP ticket by triggering the Slack command (eg. `/crp ios branch:release/babylon/4.1.0`) in `#ios-launchpad`		

>     * This will also generate the CHANGELOG automatically (from the list of commits between the `release/{appname}/{version}` branch you mentioned and the tag for the latest version of the same product – i.e. the most recent `{appname}/*` tag) to include it in the CRP ticket		

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This will also generate the CHANGELOG automatically (from the list of commits between the `release/{appname}/{version}` branch used in the command and the tag for the latest version of the same product – i.e. the most recent `{appname}/*` tag) to include it in the CRP ticket		
```

>     * Your PM should then be able to see that the CRP ticket has been created, and can further manually complete the CRP ticket with any additional information (clinical risk, etc) from here		

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Further manually complete the CRP ticket with any additional information (clinical risk, etc)	
```
